Director General.
Twenty years.
5 years
I'll marry you.
You saved me.
Thank you for saving me.
On the terrain, it is said that there is no tail to take the promised body.
I want you to marry me.
I grew up to marry you.
Pocket watch has my photo for you.
Give me a pocket watch with your picture.
Today, 20 years later, we meet at the wedding dress shop.
Okay, I'll wait for you.
How was the wedding cake?
Miss Ninh has arrived.
All unrelated employees have fallen.
Thank you for coming to wear my wedding dress.
Which of these two do you think is beautiful?
Is this expensive on me?
I think fit is more important than expensive.
The first snow.
"Do you really want to marry a man who doesn't know his name and appearance at a young age?"
What if he's an asshole?
The poor are okay.
Can we work together?
Born a nest of the poor with the poor
I don't want to live like that.
The Richest Man Tried to Take a Little Pink Diamond Necklace for Love
Who was so lucky to marry him?
Dad, I need to go to the bathroom first.
Ninh Ninh
You're the president of the story.
Twenty years ago.
I'm marrying you today.